[theme music]
[Jun-wan] Ik-jun did what?
He went all the way to Inje?
[Ik-sun] Yes, in fact, he just left.
-He even gave me money.
-What's gotten into him?
That is so unlike him.
[Ik-sun] I almost
burst into tears, you know.
Ik-jun and I never say things like
"thank you" or "sorry" to each other.
My folks are like that, so I get it.
Well, I don't know?
Maybe he's becoming more mature.
-[Ik-sun] By the way, have you left yet?
-Yeah, just now.
I'll call you from the rest stop.
See you in a bit.
[beeps]
[door opens]
[gasps, chuckles]
[chuckles]
Everything looks good. What should we get?
-What is it?
-Wait, there's a hair on your jacket.
Oh.
[chuckles]
So still taking your medication?
Yeah, one pill a day,
it's a pain reliever.
You're a tough one.
You've been holding out
like this for years?
-[cup thuds]
-Yeah, but I'm okay.
Like Ik-sun, I can't do anything
too strenuous,
but regular activities, they're fine.
The medication is for my chronic pain.
Which isn't too bad.
Hold out for one more year.
You've worked hard to build experience.
Just wrap it up well
and pass your board exam.
Right.
-I'll stay right by your side, okay.
-[Song-hwa chuckles]
What would you recommend here?
The creamy pasta with tenderloin
is popular.
Those who preferred fish
order the pollack roe pasta.
Why he is always so punctual?
[chuckles]
We are over here.
[chuckles softly]
[Seok-min] Professor,
you eat a lot slower now.
At your previous pace,
you'd be eating dessert by now.
I eat faster now.
I'm trying hard to pace myself.
The food here is good.
It's nice to eat out for a change.
Seok-min, are you studying for the exam?
That's coming up soon.
I'll start studying next week.
Professor, you'd be so bored without me.
-So I'll visit you often.
-Where's the study room?
-Maybe we can drop by.
-Are you kidding?
Who drops by when someone is studying?
Nobody does that. I'll go see you.
My dear Seon-bin. You're going to miss me
when I'm gone.
Things just won't be the same.
"My dear"?
Did you just say "My dear Seon-bin"?
[chuckles softly]
My dear Ahn Chi-hong,
my dear Heo Seon-bin,
and my dear Professor Chae.
Huh? What else…
Ah, my dear, my dear pasta.
You sure there is nothing going on
between you two?
You sound defensive right there.
Yes, of course I'm sure. Give me a break.
-Professor, should we order desserts?
-Uh-oh.
-She's changing the topic.
-[Seon-bin groans]
Nothing's going on between us.
What do you take me for?
[coughs]
Hey, what's wrong with me?
My dear Mr. Yong, you're such a catch.
I wouldn't even dare to dream
of dating you.
My dear Dr. Yong.
There's a saying that goes,
"Sneezing and love can't be hidden."
It's clear. You can't hide it.
I think there's something going on here.
[Seok-min pants]
Guys, there's nothing wrong with dating.
Professor, are co-workers
are allowed to date?
Why shouldn't they be?
I'm completely for it.
It's nice having someone to rely on.
Right.
[clicks tongue]
Seon-bin and I are dating.
[sighs]
Hey, Seon-bin.
You and I are dating, right?
Mm-hm.
[Seok-min] Well, now you know.
As if anyone would buy that.
[chuckles]
[laughing]
Yes, no one would believe that.
[both sigh]
Dr. Yong, so what are we supposed to do
in this situation?
You know what we need? We need dessert.
Hey, waiter.
[engine revs]
[upbeat music]
What is this social club called again?
"I am Gosu," right?
[Ik-sun] Correct. I am Gosu.
I see them at least once a month,
but I finally ran out of excuses.
They insisted I bring you today.
They really want to meet you.
We'll just stop by
and have dinner with them, okay?
Oh, how could you do this to me?
Sometimes, I think you just like
seeing me suffer.
[Ik-sun chuckles]
Stop whining!
These are very nice people.
I wouldn't take you if they weren't.
But I'm sure these people are fourth
or fifth-degree holders, Ik-sun.
Listen. I'm an orange belt, that's it.
Same as U-ju.
[snickers]
Okay, fine. I'll go.
I have to do what my girlfriend wants.
[both snicker]
[whispers]
What is this?
Is there another dish you don't eat?
[light music]
[both chuckle]
-[man] Hello. Good evening.
-[Ik-sun] Hello. Good evening.
[Jun-wan] Hello. Good evening.
Professor Kim, hello.
It's a pleasure to meet you, sir.
The pleasure is mine.
Thanks for inviting me.
This is Captain Hong, the troublemaker.
Oh, professor, I turned over
a new leaf since then.
You see, that night,
Major Lee was kicking me nonstop…
-Well--
-Hey!
[Jeong-ho] Oh, this… This is for you.
This is to say, I'm sorry. Please take it.
Uh, um, thanks, but what is it?
It's cilantro.
[quirky music]
[gasps]
[light music playing]
[munching]
[snorts]
Here.
-Drink up. Good.
-[slurping]
You said you wanted tonkatsu.
Are you craving that?
U-ju, could I have please
have a bite of your sandwich?
Eat your own sandwich.
[scoffs]
-Would you like a bite of mine?
-No, I had that yesterday.
You were here yesterday? Really?
With whom? I didn't know that.
I'm a regular here.
You are?
You're a regular, huh?
You sure know fancy words.
-So who came with you?
-Mo-ne and my mother-in-law.
[scoffs]
Mother-in-law?
-U-ju, do you know what that word means?
-Mm-hm.
A wife's mother.
[laughs]
That's amazing. It seems I brought
a genius into this world, huh?
Hey, Daddy…
If you don't mind,
I'd like another sandwich, please.
Uh, but you still eating that one.
Is it bad?
Could you buy me another one, please?
Do something cute.
[both chuckle]
Oh, my heart… My heart…
[pants]
[laughs]
[theme music]
[Ik-jun] Order any two dishes you want.
It's all good.
Okay, tonkatsu, udon,
a rice bowl, and soba.
[chuckles]
The other guys might join us, you know.
Sure, no problem. It's fine.
-Don't just stand there? Come in.
-I'll be right back.
[Jun-wan] Were you sleeping?
You sound like you're losing your voice.
Are you sick?
Oh. Do you have a stuffy nose?
Be careful, you've got
to watch your health during flu season.
Have you eaten?
[chuckles]
Oh.
Oh, okay, I make sure I eat well.
Goodbye.
Yes, I love you.
Jun-wan!
[gasps]
-Dude! Can't you knock?
-I did knock, dude!
Did you? Oh, no. Wait. No.
I didn't knock.
Why should I knock just to come in here?
I need Daddy-Long-Legs' number
from Kangwoon Medical Center?
Does he help out in other hospitals?
Yes, I reached out to him for help before.
He must have a surplus cash flow.
He sent money right away.
-[phone chimes]
-Number sent.
That's Hyeon Jeong-mi in Social Services.
Only she can reach him. She'll put you
in touch with Daddy-Long-Legs.
-Is it urgent?
-No, not really.
It's for a long-term patient.
He's stuck here
because he can't pay the bills.
The dude is trying to take out
high-interest loans.
He's an old man with no family or friends,
but he owns the bachelor apartment
where he lives.
The poor guy doesn't meet
Social Services' criteria.
But first, I wanna contact them
and see if it's feasible.
-Wanna have lunch?
-I've got surgery. I got to go.
Take it easy.
Yes, that's right.
He's a 78-year-old male.
Who underwent a right hemihepatectomy
due to HCC.
He's been here for some time
because his liver hasn't recovered.
[Jeong-mi] Got it.
I'll summarize it and send
the report to Daddy-Long-Legs.
Don't worry.
He usually texts back right away.
-Give me half an hour.
-Okay, thanks a lot.
Oh, wait, hold on.
Tell me, is this guy an actual doctor?
He's asking a lot of detailed questions.
[Jeong-mi] Well, that I don't know.
I think he's well versed
in medical knowledge.
He always asks detailed questions
about a patient's situation and condition.
Anyway, I'll call you right back, okay?
Sounds good. Thanks again.
[inhales deeply]
[sighs]
[dramatic music]
[Jeong-won exhales]
[sighs]
29TH
DEPARTURE
[cell phone ringing]
Hi, Mom.
What is my sweet, adorable baby doing?
[Jeong-won]
I'm meeting Song-hwa for lunch.
Song-hwa?
[gasps]
Oh, that's sounds nice. Shall I join you?
[chuckles]
Listen, Mom, we're just ordering in.
Song-hwa is not the one, okay?
There's nothing going on between us.
"Song-hwa's no the one"?
That means you are seeing someone,
aren't you?
Who is it? Tie a knot, Jeong-won.
Get married at once.
Song-hwa would be my first choice,
but whoever you choose is fine.
Well, sorry to disappoint you,
but I'm not seeing anyone right now.
I'll be in Yangpyeong this weekend.
Could you make some noodles for me?
I can't. Jong-su and I
have plans for the weekend.
Visit me soon.
When you come, I don't want to hear
that you're still single, got that?
[clicks tongue]
You and I should talk in person, Mom.
Okay. Enjoy your lunch with Mr. Ju.
All right.
[beeps]
[inhales deeply]
[exhales sharply]
-Where is everyone?
-Seok-hyeong has patients.
Jun-wan has surgery,
and Jeong-won is on his way.
Hey, I heard Seok-hyeong
is very popular among moms-to-be.
What? How does anyone
put up with that jerk?
He's only like that with us!
You know, my friend's sister-in-law
is Seok-hyeong patient,
and she said he's a very sweet guy.
Oh, please, I find that hard to believe.
[rattles]
Oh, quit it!
I get so anxious when you do that.
You dork! I could punch you.
Use this next time, okay?
You're a very reckless person.
Who do you take after?
I take after a master. U-ju.
[snickers]
All right. Oh, that hurt.
-There. Happy?
-See, that wasn't so hard, is it?
-Hold up, stop.
-What? What's wrong?
Three, two, one.
Open.
Is the food here already?
[sighs]
That's a lot of food.
How did I know you were about to come in?
You give me the creeps, dude.
You're the one who is creepy.
What are you, psychic?
[Jeong-won] And the others?
Seok-hyeong has patients,
Jun-wan has surgery, and you creep me out.
[chuckles]
Ah, hello there.
Um, uh…
It's been a month, right?
Please have a seat.
-Thank you. Hello, doctor.
-[chuckles]
Oh…
According to this,
your blood stagnation is gone.
I see that you had a complete ultrasound.
-Yes.
-Mm. That's good.
The normal cervical length
is three centimeters on average.
At your stage, anything
below two-point-five centimeter
is considered too short.
Yours, however,
happens to be under one centimeter,
which is much too short.
I studied your ultrasound,
and I saw your cervix is slightly open.
Very likely…
your baby will be born prematurely.
[breathes deeply]
So what should I do, doctor?
Don't worry. You'll be just fine.
Yes, yes, he's right.
Thankfully, there's a procedure
you can undergo.
-Please try not to worry too much.
-[sobbing]
You see cervical cerclage,
commonly as the McDonald cerclage,
is a procedure where we place
a pursestring stitch around your cervix,
so thereby sewing it close.
I'll have you admitted
for surgery right away.
Uh, the procedure
will take around 30 minutes.
Uh, if there's no infection in the uterus
after the surgical procedure,
you'll be discharged
from here in two days.
Uh, so if you consent,
the nurse here will walk you
through the all steps, all right?
[sniffles]
[exhales sharply]
[sobbing]
I see this from time to time.
It happens to many women,
and it's not that unusual.
So please don't worry.
But doctor, I'm afraid
that I might have another miscarriage.
[sobs]
What should we do?
-No, don't say that, honey.
-[Seok-hyeong] Please don't say that.
[sobbing]
I promise, I'll do my very best for you.
I'll do everything I can.
No matter what.
[sobbing]
Why don't I schedule
the surgery for today?
When she gets back home,
make sure your wife gets enough rest.
Ah, as for your next appointment,
I'll see you a week
after you're discharged.
I'll have to check
to see if your cervical length
is being maintained.
[sobbing]
It's all right.
Don't be too upset by this.
Try to think of happy
and positive thoughts.
It'll help the baby.
[sniffs]
Okay.
[soft music]
[slurping]
The professor is not engaged anymore.
Yeah. So I heard.
Mr. Ju mentioned it.
You see, the woman's daughter checked it.
Oh, her daughter saved her.
[munching]
Hey.
Slow down.
Hey, you wanna know why I eat fast?
It's because I have three brothers.
He was diagnosed with DCMP
and is waiting for a heart transplant.
Yes, I know that.
He's been here for over two months.
-Don't over-explain.
-Right.
What was his IO?
Oh, his urine output was 600.
-Potassium?
-It's at six.
Okay, give him Lasix.
If he really needs it, give him RI.
Why Lasix?
Why do I need a diuretic?
[sighs deeply]
I'm suffering enough already.
Let me explain, sir.
If you can't urinate, the heart
may stretch and cause shortness of breath.
Since your potassium level is quite high,
we have to use a diuretic.
Whatever you do to me,
my life won't be the same.
I just wanna be left in peace.
And I don't want any Lasix.
[breathes deeply]
Fine, if that's
what you really want, okay.
[dramatic music]
[Song-hwa exhales]
I've heard a lot of bad things
about Professor Cheon.
How come no one complains about him?
You wanna know why?
[inhales, munching]
It's because all he cares about is money.
Why do you think he manages CS
when he's so busy?
The answer is obvious.
[upbeat music]
ADMINISTRATION
LOG IN
MY RIDICULOUS APPOINTMENT
WITH PROFESSOR CHEON MYEONG-TAE
[scoffs]
ARE YOU SURE YOU WANT TO
DELETE THIS POST?
POST DELETED
-[inhales deeply]
-[quirky music sting]
[exhales]
[rattles]
[sighs]
You got a bad headache?
Not quite, it's mild.
I took the pills,
so it doesn't get any worse.
Isn't that right, doc?
-[chuckles]
-[cell phone chimes]
[gasps]
It was sent to the medical office?
Jeong-won, could you come with me
to get it? This package is quite big.
Yeah, sure.
Go on. I'll clean up here.
Hey, what did you buy this time?
Just a wood stove.
"Just a wood stove"?
Smart choice.
Do what you need to do
to stay healthy, Song-hwa.
Good job. Awesome. You rock! Way to go.
[Rosa] You see?
The doctor said the same thing.
Don't keep it all in. Just let it out.
You have to stop keeping
your thoughts bottled up, Jong-su.
-Say what's on your mind.
-[sighs]
Whatever it is you're thinking or feeling,
say it out loud.
Okay? You got it?
Yes, I got it. I heard you.
Now, keep your eyes on the road
and both hands on the steering wheel.
-I don't want us to die in a car accident.
-[both laugh]
Okay, fine. I'll focus on the road.
-Jeez.
-Hey.
I like hearing you just blurt things out.
-Even I feel better now.
-[clicks tongue]
Rosa, does Jeong-won
really want to quit being a doctor?
Don't tell me he's thinking
of becoming a priest.
Mm-hm.
And he said he wants to live
as a child of God now.
Oh, goodness.
[inhales deeply]
He'll stay until the end of the year
and move to Italy or go to a seminary.
The ones here have an age limit.
They received his recommendation letters.
After the in-person meeting, he's all set.
You have no idea how upset I am.
Oh, that's tough.
[inhales]
What is it with your kids?
I've never met anyone quite like them.
I mean, they're such characters.
Oh, my goodness.
Are you amused, Jong-su?
Yeah, so… Should I cry?
[both chuckle]
Look, Rosa…
[inhales deeply]
…I have to say
that this is better than having kids
who are selfish troublemakers.
You've raised decent, responsible kids.
They are all kind and compassionate, hm.
When I see them,
my whole mood brightness instantly.
They're leaving their aging mother
to become children of God.
If that's not selfish, then what is?
-I just want to know where I went wrong.
-[chuckles]
So they brighten your mood?
Well, they always ruined mine.
[clears throat, inhales]
Not to be harsh…
[inhales]
…but it would be a shame
if Jeong-won were to quit being a doctor.
The truth is, there aren't a lot
of doctors like him.
He has a strong sense of duty,
and the way he treats patients
is uncommonly exemplary.
Jeong-won is the kindest
of all my children.
He's always been considerate
and affectionate
ever since he was a little boy.
He's also sensitive.
That's why I thought
he'd chosen the most appropriate field
when he told me he wanted
to become a pediatric surgeon.
I told myself then,
"I can finally put my fears to rest."
As a boy, he always talked
about wanting to be a priest.
I finally stop worrying about it
when Jeong-won went into medicine.
Oh, silly me.
Once again, Buddha was
definitely not on my side.
Tell me, Rosa. What faith do you practice?
[chuckles]
To be safe, I dabble in all of them.
Because who knows, right?
[laughs]
So you're building a portfolio of faiths?
Anyway, what will you do?
Once that boy makes up his mind,
he won't stop.
Hm. Yes, there's no stopping him.
He takes after me.
What should I do?
He said he'd visit next weekend.
I'm afraid he'll win me over this time.
You should travel. Go somewhere abroad.
Why?
So that you won't have to see him.
Then he can't talk to you, right?
Are you kidding, Jong-su?
I have to leave the country?
I can't avoid him forever.
Hey, you're the chairman
of the foundation.
How'd you get that position
when your ideas stink?
That's how my mind works.
Eyes ahead.
[sighs]
Put him off.
Hm, just put him off,
that is your solution.
[inhales]
Think about it, Rosa.
No matter how hard you rack your brain
looking for a solution,
it's best to avoid the problem.
By avoiding the problem
for as long as you possibly can,
who knows, things could change with time.
So that's my advice.
But for now, avoid him.
Come up with some kind of excuse.
Put him off.
You got it?
-What are we eating by the way?
-Jajangmyeon.
Ah, I don't know why, but I woke up today
with such a deep craving for it.
Jajangmyeon? Mm-hm.
Is that a no? So, what do you want then?
Hm.
Just say it.
-Never mind.
-[groans]
Look, Rosa, don't keep
your thoughts all inside.
It's healthy to let them out.
Just say whatever you're thinking.
What do you feel like having?
[scoffs]
A drink.
Let's grab a drink.
[scoffs]
All right.
[sighs]
[scoffing]
So his electrolyte levels are normal.
Oh, that's good.
Discharge the patient on Friday.
His checkup will be next week.
-[box thuds]
-[phone chimes]
Hi, Ji-won.
Are you sad because you couldn't
go camping?
[laughs]
Because of that, I won't give you
an injection today.
-Really, doctor?
-Mm-hm.
-I promise.
-Promise.
[all chuckle]
Promise sealed.
[laughs]
[Jeong-won] Ji-won doesn't need any shots
from here on now.
He'll be discharged tomorrow.
Oh, yeah. By the way,
that kid's older brother is Ji-ho.
He comes by often,
and he's just as adorable.
[chuckles]
You should get married, Jeong-won.
Find a nice woman and then get married.
-Or maybe have a baby first.
-[sighs]
Think about how adorable
your own kids will be.
You should take your own advice.
You love kids too, right?
[Song-hwa] I don't love kids that much.
Except my nephews and nieces.
U-ju is so cute.
Aw. I haven't seen him in a while.
Hey. Where's Ik-jun?
-Oh, he got a call from the ICU.
-[groans]
He's quite busy today.
[scoffs]
When is that jackass ever not busy?
Wait, did I leave this here?
Song-hwa, come sit down.
I have something to tell you.
-What?
-Come and sit here.
Listen, it's important.
-What did you say?
-I said, I'm Daddy-Long-Legs.
You're, uh, Grandpa-Long-Legs?
[chuckles]
Yes, it's me. I'm Grandpa-Long-Legs.
What?
You're really something, you know that?
[scoffs]
Hold on. That's why
you're always broke, right?
[Song-hwa exhales]
Wow, how can you live that way?
Amazing.
You sure have one for the books.
I'm impressed.
Don't be. I only started doing it
on a whim,
and then it just grew and grew.
The thing is…
I'd like it if you…
You could be Daddy-Long-Legs from now on.
I have been meaning
to tell this to you since spring,
but it's been hectic
since I moved to this hospital,
so I couldn't tell you any sooner.
[inhales]
If you're okay with it,
and you don't object,
I'd like you to be Daddy-Long-Legs
in my place.
Wait. But how can I?
I don't have that kind of money.
My family is not as rich.
Relax. I've already figured out a way.
Tell me then.
Well, I was assigned to manage
all the profit from the VIP Ward,
there's a lot of money involved.
Mr. Ju has agreed to it.
But then he has no idea how it's used.
The profit keeps the program running?
[soft chuckle]
[scoffs]
You should just keep doing it, then.
And I will until the end of the year.
[sighs]
I'm quitting
and leaving the hospital then.
You heard right.
I was going to tell the others eventually
when we were together.
Song-hwa, you're going to do it, right?
You'll take over for me?
[soft chuckle]
Thank you.
No problem.
[sighs deeply]
-Hey, Jeong-won, are you really--
-Later.
I'll tell you everything later, okay?
[scoffs]
Hang on, about the VIP Ward…
I heard that the numbers go up and down.
There are only a few rooms there.
And I know at times, they are all in use,
but there are months
when those rooms are empty.
Do you think I should look into other ways
to fund the program?
No, there's no need.
[scoffs]
Someone's pulling in a lot of money now.
It's Ik-jun, isn't it?
[both laugh]
Yep. I see the news has spread.
High-ranking officials and celebrities
are recommending us to people they know.
We keep getting new patients. Ah…
-That patient leaves tomorrow.
-Which one?
The Prince.
It's the Prince of Dubai.
[translator] You heard
about tomorrow, right?
Your mother is being discharged
tomorrow, right?
Yes, I heard from Dr. Lee.
Thank you very much.
I never thought that my mom would be able
to go home this sooner.
She and I are truly grateful for the care
that the staff of Yulje Medical Center,
and Dr. Lee have provided.
He said Dr. Lee told him about it,
and that he's very grateful,
that he's never thought his mother
would be able to go home this soon.
Both he and his mother are very grateful
for the care that the staff
and Dr. Lee Ik-jun have provided.
Ah, here's the balance
after deducting the prepayment.
So this is the balance.
Hospital fees, surgical procedure,
and medical tests
are included in the bill.
And since she doesn't have
health insurance, the bill is quite large.
But you can pay with a credit card
or caps in installments,
-whichever way you prefer.
-You can pay for credit card
or in installments.
Whichever way you prefer.
I will pay in full, in cash today.
The Prince said
he'd like to pay full, in cash today.
-[stutters]
-[quirky music sting]
[chuckles softly]
[light music]
[sighs]
["Confession Is Not Flashy" by Kyuhyun]
Oh, I'm exhausted.
Wow, who are those for?
Are you seeing someone?
Oh, hello.
Someone gave you roses?
Yes.
[both gasp]
Hey, what's up, guys?
Hey, Gyeo-ul. Did someone propose to you?
-Um, well…
-Oh, seriously?
-No way.
-[both chuckle]
Is everyone here?
Hey, Gyeo-ul. What are you doing here?
Can you scrub in today?
Professor!
See that? It looks like…
our dear Gyeo-ul is dating someone!
[chuckles]
What? Is that true?
That means we've proved to the world
that surgeons are also capable of dating!
Yes. That's right.
She's living proof that we surgeons
can have romantic relationships!
-Yes.
-[chuckles]
[Ik-jun] Im Chang-min!
-Gyeo-ul is seeing someone.
-Really?
Congratulations, Gyeo-ul.
You see that? There's the proof!
See, those of us in GS can date too!
I told you so!
Hooray! There's hope for us.
We can have
a healthy work-life balance too!
Go tell everyone in your department.
A GS resident can be in a relationship,
receive roses, and have fun.
Yes, yes, we can!
It can happen to anyone in GS.
-[Ik-jun] Tell anyone.
-Hey, Gyeo-ul.
-[Ik-jun] So don't give up.
-Thank you very much.
And good luck with your relationship.
The future of GS depends on you.
All right, all right.
Look, let's calm down, okay?
Let's congratulate Gyeo-ul no matter
what surgery she picks today, okay, guys?
Yes.
We're going to have a ton of
new GS residents soon.
We can suck it up a little, right?
It won't be so hard, right?
Okay.
Hey, guys,
let's all raise our glasses, okay?
-Yeah, good idea.
-Yeah, yeah
-Here, take this.
-All right.
-Come on.
-Hey!
What are you doing? That's not champagne!
-It almost exploded! That was close.
-[all laugh]
-[surgeon] Be careful, Ik-jun.
Hey, Jeong-won! Come and join us, dude.
We're celebrating. Yeah, it's good news.
Gyeo-ul's boyfriend proposed to her today.
[sighs]
Oh.
What's his problem?
-Okay, let's toast.
-Cheers!
-Cheers.
[surgeons] Whoo!
So, Gyeo-ul.
What's the verdict? Tell us,
which surgery will you assist with?
Have you decided?
Uh… Yes, I will, uh…
[chuckles]
I will assist
with the EA thoracoscopic repair.
THORACOSCOPIC ESOPHAGEAL
ATRESIA REPAIR PEDIATRIC SURGERY
[all groan]
Look, I've only assisted
with esophageal atresia surgery once.
I want to observe the procedure
one more time.
-[sighs]
-How could you, Gyeo-ul?
After everything I've done…
I hate you.
Thanks, Gyeo-ul.
-[door closes]
-Don't mention it.
[quirky music]
What? You sold your car?
Yeah, I sold it
because I don't need it anymore.
You made money off that clunker?
[sighs]
You have no conscience.
I sold it for 200,000 won.
Whatever. Try calling Seok-hyeong again.
-Ask him what we're practicing.
-Hm.
[dial tone trilling]
[operator] The person
you're trying to reach
-is unavailable at the moment.
-No answer.
-[phone beeps]
-Do you think he's with a patient?
You know, I wonder
if his mother is doing much better now.
-Yeah, I've been checking in on her.
-[phone chimes]
Hm.
Lee Seung-hwan's. Oh, I love that song.
He didn't take your call,
he just replied with a text?
Yeah, quite promptly.
[sighs]
I really don't understand that guy.
I honestly have no idea
what goes through that head of his.
He and I never see eye to eye.
Same with Ik-jun.
He's a good friend,
but I just can't figure him out.
That Ik-jun? He's a lost cause.
And he's a nutcase.
[both laugh]
Oh, gosh. He's nuts.
"L'ESTRO ARMONICO" BY VIVALDI
["L'Estro Armonico" by Vivaldi playing]
-Good morning!
-You scared me.
-You're here early.
-For a liver transplant.
-What's this week's song?
-Lee Seung-hwan.
-Ah, is that Seung-hwan?
-Hm.
Is that what are you listening to?
You don't know? It's a famous piece.
-I've heard of it.
-You know what?
"This stop is Wangsimni.
Wangsimni Station.
The doors are on your right.
Passengers going to City Hall, Sincheon,
Seongsu, Jamsil-dong neighborhood,
Oksu, Yongsan, Cheongnyangni,
and Seongbuk,
please transfer at this station.
Transfer to Line Number Two, thank you
and have a very pleasant day."
"This stop is Wangsimni.
Wangsimni.
The doors are on your right."
"You can transfer to Line Number Two.
[grunts]
Gyeongui-Jungang.
Gyeongui-Jungang."
-He's lost it.
-[music fades]
[sighs deeply]
His potassium level is six-point-five.
[sighs]
Now, listen.
Your potassium level is six-point-five.
This is serious.
It may cause an arrhythmia. Okay?
[monitor beeping]
You need an enema.
I don't want one.
You can't force me to get one.
It's not a matter of wanting it.
It would be dangerous to not have it.
Worst-case scenario,
you might die from it.
Then I'll die from it.
It's better than getting an enema.
-[laughs]
-Excuse me?
I really hate getting an enema.
It's gross and exhausting.
It hurts like hell!
And it's so…
So humiliating.
Okay, listen to me.
Your potassium level yesterday was six.
Today it's six-point-five.
If it reaches a height of seven or eight,
it could cause
a cardiac arrest, understand?
If you want to stay alive, then you
really need to get an enema today!
No, I won't get one!
Even if it means I die, I won't!
I'm telling you I don't want it!
Fine! Don't get one then.
But don't say we didn't warn you,
young man.
[both grunt]
[door slides open]
Once Ji-hu passes gas,
he can finally eat something.
So let me know as soon as he does.
-[woman] I will, doctor, thank you.
-You're welcome.
Hello, Yeong-ji.
Hi, Mister Doctor.
[laughs]
It's day four of her post-op.
Her CRP is high,
so she's still on antibiotics.
I'll take a closer look, okay?
All right.
Ah…
Yeong-ji is getting
-a new one today, right?
-Pardon?
You mean her drip. Yes, that's right.
She's getting a new one today.
[Yeong-ji crying]
[quivers]
No, I don't want a shot today, Mama.
[woman] No, no, no.
-I don't wanna get any shots.
-No. It's not a shot, Yeong-ji.
-I don't want it, please!
-No, you don't get one today, sweetie.
-Don't cry, please.
-[Yeong-ji crying]
-Please don't cry.
-[laughs]
[Jeong-won sighs]
[grunts]
So were you able to do it?
I'm sorry, doctor.
[sighs]
It's okay.
Oh, doctor.
It's time for Yeong-ji
to take a nap time right now.
I'll try again when she wakes up.
[soft chuckle]
-I'm sorry, Professor Ahn.
-[Jeong-won chuckles]
There's really no need to be sorry.
It's quite all right.
You have a difficult job.
-It's more difficult for her mom.
-[chuckles softly]
-Goodbye.
-Bye.
[slurping]
I have ten minutes until my surgery.
That's enough time to finish your food,
brush your teeth, and finish your coffee.
-Yeah. I have enough time.
-[slurps]
-What's the matter?
-Hello, doctor.
Could I please talk to you for a second?
[munches]
[Jae-hak] I just don't know what to do.
What do you think I should do?
[clanks]
[Jun-wan] The patient has DCMP,
and he's waiting for a heart donor.
His potassium level is seven,
so he urgently needs an enema,
but he refused to have one.
That's right. His potassium level
is steadily climbing.
Without an enema, he could just slip
into critical condition. What should I do?
The patient won't cooperate,
and Professor Cheon says we can't insist.
Tell me, Professor Kim,
what am I supposed to do?
Uh, should I…
just let him be?
[Jun-wan] Do you want him to die?
Go and give the patient an enema now.
Use all your big words, your IQ,
or whatever superpower you have
and convince him to get an enema.
A doctor who gives up…
is no longer a doctor.
[grunts]
Don't just stand there. Go.
Uh, yes. Thank you.
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
[upbeat music fades]
[blows raspberry]
-So tell me.
-[chair rattles]
Did you give an enema
to the strawberry farmer?
Did he still refuse?
[sighs]
So, what now?
I did it.
[scoffs]
That's good, Jae-hak.
What a relief. How did you convince him?
He said he'd rather die
than get one, right?
I begged him.
-What?
-[scoffs]
I got on my knees and begged him.
I racked my brain,
and couldn't think of anything else.
So I kneeled down, and I begged him.
[soft music]
I told him he would die
if he didn't get an enema.
And I said nothing would happen
to Professor Cheon.
But not me. I'd be punished.
I begged him to get it
so that I wouldn't lose my job.
I begged him for my job.
I'm pathetic, aren't I?
You're not. Not at all, Jae-hak.
[breathes deeply]
What a relief.
Did you just call me by my name?
Yeah.
[sighs]
-What?
-[chuckles]
[soft chuckle]
-[Ik-jun] See you tomorrow.
-[cell phone ringing]
RESTRICTED AREA
Lee Ik-jun, speaking.
Who? The one who got paracentesis?
Okay. I'm on my way.
[whirring]
[Gyeo-ul] His BP went down,
so I induced some fluids.
I called you because I was worried.
That's a good call.
You did very well, Dr. Jang.
This happens
when you drain out the ascites.
His BP is rising, so observe him.
He should pull through.
-Are you on the call today?
-Yes.
-Two days in a row?
-Three days in a row.
[sighs]
Seriously? Why did you choose GS?
-[Ik-jun tuts]
-[soft chuckle]
Watch him for an hour or two.
I'll just be in my office.
Oh, Jeong-won hasn't gone home yet.
Let's all get a Coke and hang out.
I have to see a patient.
I'll just wait here.
Okay.
By the way, where is he?
In Room 4103,
in the main building's Pediatric Ward.
Tell me, did you put a tracker
on Jeong-won?
[Gyeo-ul sighs]
[dramatic music]
[gasps]
Are you still up, Yeong-ji?
[whispers]
You're supposed to be asleep right now.
-Mister Doctor.
-Yeah?
The nurse gave me a shot today, see?
[gasps]
Really?
Oh, wow, you really got one.
You're such a big, brave girl.
Did you know that?
[laughs]
Oh, goodness.
There.
Could you teach me
how to be brave like you, Yeong-ji?
I would never get a shot
because I'm too scared.
Gosh, I wish I was as awesome as you are.
Oh, good job. Bravo.
Well done.
[Jeong-won and Yeong-ji laugh]
[deep sigh]
[sighs]
[Ik-jun] Kids never lie, do they?
[Jeong-won] Of course not.
They are not like us, adults.
When they're sick, they say so.
When they're fine, they say so too.
They're always honest.
But adults pretend
that they are not sick when they are.
Even when they've recovered,
they fake their illness
so they can stay longer.
-What about you?
-What?
You lie too, right?
I'm not sure. Sometimes, I do.
Sometimes, I don't. Why?
[scoffs]
What is it?
You have feelings for Gyeo-ul?
Now you're questioning your decision
to become a priest.
[wind gusting]
If you like her, say so.
It'll be our secret.
[scoffs]
Ik-jun, what are you talking about?
What are you, Gyeo-ul's spokesperson?
Yeah, I'm Gyeo-ul's agent.
[scoffs]
Since her first year,
she's been handling all the tasks
even the chief resident's,
but she never shows how hard it is.
I would understand
if she complains or gets annoyed.
Even if she sulks.
But she doesn't give up nor does
she say bad things about our job here.
She does have a difficult time
showing her emotions to other people,
but I think she's been making an effort
to change that.
[deep inhale]
Anyway, I have never been seen
a resident in her year
tie as well as she does.
She's been practicing that on her own.
She cares about the patients
and tries to learn.
Her mindset as a surgeon is impressive.
-Yeah. I know all that.
-Wait, let me finish.
I just want her to be happy and content…
with my friend, Jeong-won.
["You Always" by J Rabbit playing]
[inhales]
I want her to be happy with you, dude.
-Hey, get off me. What's wrong with you?
-[cell phone ringing]
Hey, Gyeo-ul. Is he okay?
That's great news.
I'll be right there. Bye.
-[phone chimes]
-Gotta split. Gyeo-ul is looking for me.
Okay. See you.
[sighs]
Look, Jeong-won,
I'm sure your God will understand.
Besides, when your brain and heart
say different things,
it's the heart that's right.
Hey, quit that, will you?
Just follow your heart, okay?
You won't regret it.
Don't make your decisions rashly,
or you'll end up like me.
Think carefully.
Thinking you'll be fine
is asking for luck.
That kind of luck doesn't happen.
That ends my lecture for today.
Good night and goodbye.
["You Always" by J Rabbit
continues playing]
[sighs]
["Confession Is Not Flashy" playing]
♪ I gave you ♪
♪ A beautiful bouquet of flowers once ♪
♪ The radiating flowers and fragrance ♪
♪ Sadly withered away ♪
♪ Your beauty now
Is more radiating than the flowers ♪
♪ But your beauty will also wither away ♪
♪ But unlike the flowers ♪
♪ We will have love for each other ♪
♪ You're my loved one ♪
♪ I will make a silent promise ♪
♪ That I will protect you ♪
♪ Until your tears run dry ♪
♪ In the distant future ♪
♪ When we reminisce about this day ♪
♪ If we can give each other a kiss ♪
♪ In the whole wide world ♪
♪ For a very long time ♪
♪ Out of all the people ♪
♪ I will only love you ♪
[Ik-jun] What does your boyfriend
do for a living?
I mean, why does he drive
a different car every day?
Is he a car dealer or what?
You only got half right.
The rest is wrong.
Oh, he's rich? Is that it?
-Nope. Wrong.
-So he's a car dealer, right?
You're still half wrong.
He's a car dealer,
but he's not your boyfriend.
Yes, he's my younger brother.
Ah…
He sells imported cars,
he's new at the dealership.
He can't be late for work,
so he's staying at my house
for the time being.
The dealership is not far from my place.
He drops me off here
because he has to test drive the cars.
But he's such a nuisance.
I much rather take the subway.
-Why do you ask, professor?
-Gyeo-ul.
You do like Jeong-won, don't you?
[grunts]
[rain patters]
[sighs]
You'll never make a good con artist.
You know, I can see right through you.
Jeong-won lies to you,
and he never says anything nice to you.
Yet you like him.
["Confession Is Not Flashy" playing]
Gyeo-ul.
Make people think
your brother's your boyfriend.
What?
Take a risk, just this once.
Do you think he'll buy it?
To pull off a good con,
you have to fool yourself first.
Pretend you didn't get dealt a bad hand.
Pretend it's a straight flush.
Yes, but I don't play poker.
[sniffs]
You have to pull Jeong-won into thinking
that these roses
didn't come from your brother.
Make him think you have a boyfriend.
Oh…
They should be here soon. Go inside.
Thanks for the advice.
You can thank me
by picking my surgery today.
Quickly. Go inside right now.
[soft chuckle]
["Confession Is Not Flashy" playing]
♪ You're my loved one ♪
♪ I will make a silent promise ♪
♪ That I will protect you ♪
♪ Until your tears run dry ♪
♪ In the distant future ♪
♪ When we reminisce about this day ♪
♪ If we can give each other a kiss ♪
♪ In the whole wide world ♪
♪ For a very long time ♪
♪ Out of all the people ♪
♪ I will only love you ♪
♪ In the whole wide world ♪
♪ For a very long time ♪
♪ Out of all the people ♪
♪ I am grateful ♪
♪ That I met you ♪
[knocking on door]
Song-hwa.
-Hey. Let's go grab lunch.
-[sighs]
Didn't you have lunch yet?
Do you know what time it is?
I was with my outpatients. Have you eaten?
-Yeah.
-[phone chimes]
But I can eat again.
-Let's go!
-Can Chi-hong join us?
He has some questions.
Of course.
[chuckles softly]
Chi-hong is a great guy.
He's kind, and he studies a lot.
Even if he stayed in the army,
he'd be successful.
What?
I'm very hungry.
[gasps, chuckles]
Say the words.
All this food is for me.
No one will take from me.
The last sentence too.
I am
-an intellectual.
-Let's eat.
Chi-hong. Okay, here he comes.
Professor.
I'm trying to write my thesis paper.
Which do I tackle first?
The introduction or the method?
If you're done with your research,
then you should draw
your conclusion first.
Then use statistics to make tables
and find figures for your thesis.
-I can help you with the statistics.
-I see.
-Thank you.
-You haven't eaten yet?
No. I just came from surgery.
Oh, hello, Dr. Ahn. Everything good?
Having a late lunch?
Yeah.
You want a tangerine? Here.
Oh, thank you very much.
-One more thing, Chi-hong.
-Yes?
Is Seong-yeong doing well?
-Yeah, I think so.
-Don't bully him, okay?
I know you guys wouldn't do that,
but try to be more considerate.
Could you do that, please?
Of course. No problem, but…
to be honest with you,
I think it bothers him a lot.
Hey, Seong-yeong, have you had lunch yet?
Yes. I've had my lunch.
[sighs]
Look, I'll say this one more time,
and then I'll never say it again, okay?
Hey, take it easy.
Poor Professor Chae was scolded
in front of the other professors.
She was disrespected and shamed.
And that's not the only thing.
They said NS residents were fools.
Did you know that
if it weren't for Professor Chae,
you would've been crushed to pieces, huh?
I'm very sorry.
Dr. Yong, enough, please stop.
[sighs]
Wait, where is the intern?
Hello, doctor, I'm the intern.
I need to talk to you.
Okay.
[Seon-bin sighs]
[scoffs]
Hey.
Don't be scared. Huh? Stand your ground.
What are you saying, Seok-min?
You out of your mind?
What are you? A little kid?
Hey, Seong-yeong, it was your fault.
So go and apologize to him.
It's the right thing to do.
Okay.
Speak to him now.
And I'll buy you a beer next time.
All right.
Thank you, guys.
[sighs]
[Seon-bin sighs deeply]
[groans]
[munching]
Hey, Ik-jun.
Hm, what is it?
[gasps]
Your legs.
What?
Wanna get a drink tonight?
I can't, I have surgery.
Another one? That's how many this week?
Oh, well, it's a favor for Kwon Sun-jeong.
I'm performing a total hepatectomy.
-At this time of day?
-Did something happen?
The recipient's blood pressure went down.
So Cardiology had to check
the ultrasound first.
There was a brain-dead patient
Se-hyeok had to attend to.
Anything wrong?
It's nothing.
I just wanted to talk to you about stuff.
How about after surgery?
I have a lecture.
Well, then I'll go to your house later.
That way I can see U-ju too.
My babysitter's daughter
came to Korea today,
I gave her a day off
to be with her daughter.
So I'm putting U-ju to sleep myself.
What's wrong? What's this about?
I'm dying to find out too.
[chopsticks clank]
Look, it's nothing. I just…
wanted to talk about life.
What? That sounds like
a load of crap, dude.
Talk about life? Give me a break.
[sighs]
Hey, Dr. Ahn.
[scoffs]
Have you been talking with Ik-sun lately?
Is she doing well?
Yes, she is. We talked yesterday.
It was around midnight? Or early morning?
Really? Wow, you two are pretty close,
aren't you?
Talking late at night? Sounds like fun.
She and I are like night owls.
We can talk about a whole lot of things.
Hang on, isn't midnight…
an inappropriate time
for a talk with a friend?
-No, that's baloney.
-[all chuckle]
Are you a geezer?
[Chi-hong] It's fine.
We always talk over the phone
around that time.
"We"?
[scoffs]
Is my sister okay? Is she happy?
Yeah. She seemed quite happy.
Maybe you haven't heard.
-But she got it.
-Got what?
You know, the doctorate program
she applied to.
She was accepted.
Didn't you know
that she was preparing for it?
I heard she was.
Go on then. So what will happen
now that she got in?
It's a three-year program in England.
-Really?
-[Song-hwa] That's awesome.
She'll be in England for three years?
Yeah. You know, there was only
one spot, and Ik-sun got it.
[sighs]
That girl. She's damn smart.
But that means I won't see my sister
for three long years.
Gosh. I can't believe this.
I mean, if Ik-sun was planning
something like this,
she should have told me.
[groans]
I'm not a stranger,
but she treats me like one.
-[tray clanks]
-I have to go.
-[chair scrapes]
-[groans]
I have to go too.
[dramatic music]
[gasps]
Oh, wow. Look at this mess.
This is Professor Jeon Jun-woo's.
He's a psychiatrist.
We went to the same college,
but I'm two years younger.
Ah, I'm used to all of this,
uh, but it doesn't bother me.
Ah, uh, please take a seat.
Oh, coffee?
Oh, my goodness.
You should talk to Jeong-won
and request for a new office.
Clearly, this man needs help.
Mom, that's why I wanted to have
coffee elsewhere.
Well, I just wanted
to have a look at your office.
No coffee for me,
I already had a lot today.
Perhaps some water.
Everything will be over by tomorrow.
[Pyeon] Yes. I'm scheduled
for court tomorrow at five.
And since you won't be attending,
I will proceed just as we agreed.
Now, if there are no more changes
from both parties,
your divorce will be finalized tomorrow.
And then it will become official.
Thank you for your help.
I know just how busy you've been.
Oh, don't mention it.
It's part of the job.
I'm getting paid for this anyway.
[chuckles]
I admire your honesty, Mr. Pyeon.
Do you know what? You remind me of myself.
Tell, will you be
at home tomorrow morning?
If you don't mind,
I could drop by for a short while.
What for?
Well, you see before I head to court,
I should ask her if she has doubts
or a change of heart.
She might change her mind.
No, it's fine. You don't have to do that.
You should just head straight
to court, Mr. Pyeon.
[exhales]
Goodness.
You really don't trust me, do you?
I want the divorce.
I have no intention of changing my mind.
I'm sure you're busy in the mornings.
Work on your other cases.
When you walk out of the courthouse,
do you think you could give me a call?
Of course, I could do that.
Thank you very much.
All right, until tomorrow.
By the way, what about you?
Why aren't you married?
Oh, we're talking about me?
Well, I mean, you're a fine young man.
You should be married by now.
You really should.
Hey, Mom, you're not
the Marriage Support Committee.
Why do you say that
to people who are single?
Marriage is overrated.
It's not for everyone.
[soft chuckle]
Yes.
Marriage can be a pain
in the ass sometimes,
but it can result in something great
like a wonderful son, such are yourself.
You truly are a blessing.
And that is why
I think you should get married.
Well, I, I do have a girlfriend.
[gasps]
Is that so? Well, of course, you do.
What does your girlfriend do?
Does she work?
Yeah, she's a prison guard.
[both] Ooh…
The wife of the Education Minister?
Didn't she get a liver transplant
at Kangwoon Medical Center two years ago?
Yes, she did.
But I guess she needs another surgery now.
It's strictly confidential.
Oh, my goodness.
Minister Son is my junior alumnus
from high school.
He wants to donate a piece of liver
to his ailing wife.
Come to think of it, I should be
calling him a former minister.
He just resigned today.
His reason was to be with his wife.
Her liver must be failing badly.
Seeing she's getting
another transplant so soon.
Her body is rejecting the liver,
and her skin is turning yellow again.
Her health has gotten worse
than before the transplant.
Over the phone, he asked me to call him
after we discussed this
and have made a decision.
[clicks tongue]
[Jong-su] Right before he hung up,
he asked me to help him.
I think he was weeping.
[breathes deeply]
Oh, my goodness.
So why do people get sick
when they get old?
Why? Why is that?
If had the answer,
I would have won the Nobel Prize.
[inhales deeply]
Oh, what should we do?
Since this is her second time,
the adhesion will be much more severe.
Performing the surgery will be hard.
-And I'm worried about complications.
-[inhales deeply]
That is why Kangwoon has said
they're reluctant to take her in.
Well, I can see why.
She's a high-profile patient.
The surgeon has to do well.
If not, the hospital's reputation
will be harmed.
[clicks tongue]
You know what, if it were up to me,
I decline a high-risk operation
like this one.
Why? Are you the surgeon?
Well, then it's not up to you, is it?
It's up to the doctor
assigned to the surgery.
Who is going to do it, then?
It'll be difficult.
Minister Son's wife
wants Professor Lee
to perform the surgery on her.
-Really?
-[sighs]
I think that a VIP patient of ours
recommended him,
and assured her he's very good.
People say that he's great,
the very best for this procedure.
He is, but…
[sighs]
My goodness. It's too risky, you know.
The success rate of a second transplant
is lower than the first.
[grunts]
What now? You think
I should ask Jeong-won first?
[Jong-su sniffs]
If you think Professor Lee
would be uncomfortable with this,
well, then I won't bring it up with him.
[sniffs]
All right. Now listen,
we have got to decide
whether to take this case or forego it.
Oh, uncomfortable?
[chuckles]
That's not like Professor Lee at all.
But I'll ask him first.
I'll let you know what he says.
Okay, let's see.
ELAPSED TIME
How is it going with the recipient?
Could you please check
how far he has gotten?
[nurse] Sure.
[machine beeping]
Doctor, the liver was excised
half an hour ago.
Bleeding has been controlled,
and he is now working on blood vessels.
He's almost ready, doctor.
-So soon?
-Yes.
We saved all most two hours
in the OR today.
-[door closes]
-So you're still here.
I'm checking out reperfusion.
You're done. Why don't you get some food?
Well, I have to go to the ICU
to see if the donor is okay.
[munches]
[sighs deeply]
I'm so touched, you know that.
Okay. Give me your hands, Gyeo-ul.
[candy rattles]
Go on. Eat up.
Let me know if you want more.
-There's lots in Jun-wan's office.
-[chuckles]
Well, thank you very much.
[crunching, chuckles]
I feel much more awake now.
[chuckles]
[Jeong-won] Why are you still here?
Oh, hi, Gyeo-ul.
Oh, hello, uh, I'm leaving now.
-[door closes]
-Ik-jun, do you have a minute?
Yeah. Wait, wait. Hold on.
Jeong-won, you just said hi to her.
-I did?
-Yeah, dude.
-No way.
-You did.
-No. I didn't.
-You did. You even said her name.
-I didn't know such things.
-Hey, I heard you.
Oh, you did? Then prove it.
What time did I say that?
[sighs deeply]
Okay, fine. You didn't say it. Mm-hm.
What do you need?
Right.
Two years ago, she got
a living donor transplant from her son.
Her condition is bad
due to chronic rejection.
She has a severe case of jaundice
and will need CRRT.
-She just isn't well at all.
-[sighs]
Wait. Let me check my schedule.
So you'll do it?
I'll try to schedule it at the earliest
as soon as the donor is ready.
However, I might have to do it
on the weekend.
-[finger snaps]
-Okay.
Doesn't Minister Son Tae-hwan
have his own building?
I heard it's in Gangnam.
He's from a very wealthy family.
You know what? If his wife
has her surgery here,
Minister Son promised the chairman
he would make a substantial donation.
[scoffs]
He'll pay his bill with a lot of money.
And he'll donate a lot of money too.
Oh, that money will help
your Daddy-Long-Legs Program.
Yeah, that's right.
Though, you're the one
who is making all the money.
-[telephone ringing]
-Oh, that's for me.
[clears throat]
Hello?
Okay. I'm on my way. Bye.
See you later.
Okay.
Oh, hey, about the CUSA…
Can he donate two or three of those?
It's used to dissect livers.
The one we have here sucks.
Let's accept his donation,
let's just use it to buy a few of those.
Make sure you slide that in, okay?
[upbeat music]
[Ik-jun] Go on. I'll clean up here.
Hey, what did you buy this time?
Just a wood stove.
A wood stove?
Smart choice.
Do what you need to do
to stay healthy, Song-hwa.
Good job. Awesome. You rock. Way to go.
Seriously. A wood stove? Jeez.
[cell phone blaring]
Now, what?
-[blaring stops]
-[sighs]
HYEON JEONG-MI OF
SOCIAL SERVICES OFFICE
YULJE MEDICAL HOSPITAL, 78 YEARS OLD,
MALE, DETAILS IN YOUR EMAIL
[quirky music]
[sighs]
[inhales sharply]
Ahn Jeong-won, oh, man. This guy.
This wicked, deceitful guy.
[Song-hwa] Oh, no. Look at the time.
I have a dinner appointment.
Let's just call it a day, all right?
-[Seon-bin] Okay.
-[Chi-hong] Sure, it's fine.
Professor…
Professor Min Gi-jun
scolded Seong-yeong today.
Professor Min didn't hold back.
He gave Seong-yeong quite an earful.
When I saw him after,
he looked so dejected.
Given his position at the hospital,
he could really teach him a lesson.
-[sighs]
-Oh, professor…
-Um.
-Do you ever use curse words?
[scoffs]
I've used foul language.
Really? I've never heard you
say anything bad.
-So how about cursing right now?
-[soft chuckle]
[Song-hwa exhales deeply]
[exhales sharply]
Son of a bitch.
[both snicker]
You swear once, but not like that.
That was therapeutic to hear.
I feel like I've been blessed.
[all laugh]
Oh, by the way,
I offered to buy Syeong-yeong dinner,
but he said he had plans.
That guy was so depressed all afternoon.
Then his mood suddenly changed.
I think it's because
he's going to see a girl.
You should have seen his face.
It's me. I'm his dinner date.
I offered to buy him dinner.
Oh, Professor Chae.
I didn't know you cared about interns.
Could you buy us dinner too?
Sure. Why don't we all go?
-All right.
-Nice!
[all cheer]
Join us for dinner?
I'm late for my lecture.
Enjoy your dinner, guys.
-[Seon-bin] Bye.
-Mm.
Do you know what Dr. Jang said?
She said Professor Lee
did eight liver transplants this month.
Yeah. He does a lot of surgeries.
At his previous hospital,
he did ten live transplants by himself.
[Chi-hong] Wow.
[gasps]
Hey, is today the 15th?
Yeah, see the full moon?
Yep, lunar calendar says it is.
We should make a wish.
What kind of wish?
A wish for Seong-yeong
to overcome dejection
and become a good surgeon.
[all laugh]
-Professor Chae.
-[Seok-min] Come on now.
Why don't you just use
the wish on yourself?
Isn't there something else
you've always wanted?
[inhales]
Well, I'm going camping this weekend.
Maybe I should wish for a good deck?
That's so lame.
Ah…
What then?
Professor…
You should run for office.
[Seok-min and Chi-hong laugh]
Go home.
I wish I could, but I still have to work.
I'll see you then.
-[sighs]
-[door closes]
[dramatic music]
[machine beeping]
[breathes deeply]
[machine continues beeping]
Hello.
-Excuse me.
-Yes?
-Are you Doctor Do Jae-hak?
-Yes, I am.
Oh, I see. I'm Kim Hae-beom's aunt.
He's the patient in Room 6303.
Oh, yes. It's very nice to meet you.
I just arrived in Seoul.
I'm very glad I got to meet you, doctor.
Oh, doctor,
I hope you don't mind,
but Hae-beom wanted me
to bring this to him now.
Could you please wait for me here?
[yawns]
[quirky music sting]
[light music]
Why isn't he going home?
Come on, Seok-hyeong, go home.
You're still here, professor?
I'm just about to head out.
Ah, I stayed because Ms. Oh Hye-jun's baby
had a late deceleration.
The baby is fine now.
Keep observing him. And let me know
if there's another late deceleration.
Okay.
[sighs]
Okay, take care.
[nurse] You too, doctor.
Professor Yang,
are you just getting off now?
Didn't you leave earlier?
Ah, I did, but I forgot something.
Professor, could you give me a ride
to the subway station?
Oh, well…
Thank you so much.
[chuckles]
[footsteps receding]
[sighs deeply]
[dial tone trilling]
[gasps]
Hey, what's up?
[sighs]
I'm just about
to get off work too. Hey, Ik-sun.
I got news today from Doctor Ahn Chi-hong.
I heard you got in.
Hey, it's all right.
It doesn't matter how I found out.
I bet you couldn't call me
because you were sorry.
Let's talk over the weekend.
Sure, of course. Let's find a way.
Mm-hm.
Yeah, okay. Let's talk in person.
Goodnight then.
Me too.
[phone beeps]
["The Wind Is Blowing"
by Lee Sora playing]
[grunting]
[chuckles]
[Hae-beom] Thank you
for not giving up on me, Doctor.
I will remember your kindness
for the rest of my life.
[sobbing]
Jae-hak, come on, let's grab a drink.
Wow.
Your car looks like it's brand new.
It's so clean and spotless.
You truly are full of surprises,
you know? It's true.
Min-ha, do I look like I'm the messy type?
No way. I know you're a neat person,
but I didn't think your car
would be this clean.
I bet your house is very tidy.
[sighs]
It's not that I'm neat.
I don't like cleaning
so I don't have much stuff.
That's why my house is empty.
-[phone chimes]
-Uh, excuse me, professor.
What is it?
I'm busy. I need to hang up. Bye.
[phone chimes]
No, go ahead. Call them back.
Nah, it's just a guy I know.
He calls me like ten times a day.
Ten times a day?
[chuckles]
That's too much.
Professor…
I certainly hope you're not jealous.
Me? Jealous?
[chuckles]
But don't you like me?
Like you?
Goodness, no.
[chuckles]
But I like you.
["Introduced Me A Good Person"
by Joy playing]
That's the station.
Could you drop me off there, please?
There at the station.
[Min-ha] Thank you very much.
Professor Yang.
Tomorrow, don't pretend
this never happened.
I told you how I feel about you.
So don't pretend you didn't hear me.
You don't have to give me an answer.
That's not why I admitted it to you.
I just…
wanted to share with you what I feel.
Um, I won't make it obvious
at the hospital.
I just…
want you to know how I feel about you.
Okay?
Goodbye, I'll see you tomorrow then.
["Introduced Me A Good Person"
by Joy continues playing]
[music fades]
[Ik-jun sighs]
[beeps]
Thirty-eight-point-two.
[light music]
There you go.
Come here.
[grunts]
[cell phone ringing]
-Yes?
-[Gyeo-ul] Professor Lee.
Yu Sang-jun's BP went down
so I'm giving him fluids
and norepinephrine.
Increase norepinephrine.
Keep checking till he stabilizes.
He's on antibiotics, right?
I'm on my way.
[phone chimes]
[beeps]
[sighs]
His fever isn't going down quickly.
[door closes]
Did you fly here?
[door beeps]
[light music]
When did you get here?
Ten minutes ago. Let's have breakfast.
-Did you get some sleep?
-[sighs]
-Nope.
-Listen, you need to rest.
If I do, I won't be able to wake up.
You like nurungji, right?
[chuckles softly]
That's the perfect breakfast.
Let me get that.
[Song-hwa] Here you go.
Wow, this is good.
-Want some more?
-Yeah, in a bit.
Did you make the jangjorim?
No, it's from my mother.
I cooked the eggs perfectly, right?
You added just the right amount of salt.
Ik-jun, you should get some rest.
I'll be fine.
U-ju's fever went down, right?
Yes. His temperature's at 36.8.
It's almost gone.
[sighs]
During the night…
I was so scared, it wouldn't go down.
So I asked my mom.
She told me to take off his clothes,
wipe him with lukewarm water,
and when I did that,
his temperature went down.
Mothers are really great, don't you think?
Sometimes, I think a lot of them
are even better than doctors.
I have so much respect for them.
You called your mom that late at night?
What choice did I have? U-ju wasn't well.
Ah… Oh, jeez.
You should sleep.
Okay. I will. Jeez.
I'll sleep after breakfast.
I think I have about an hour.
Would you wake me up by then?
Sure, no problem.
But you should sleep now.
Okay.
-Hey, Ik-jun.
-Hm?
What have you done for yourself lately?
-For me?
-Mm-hm, you.
And you?
I bought this online.
What is that?
A rack for the logs.
Why would you need that?
Well, I need to put logs on the woodstove.
And this is where I'll store the logs.
But you can just put them on the ground.
Why did you buy that?
I bought it for myself.
I like to treat myself
to things, you know.
It's silly, but it makes me happy.
Okay, then. Good for you.
What about you? Tell me, Ik-jun…
Do you treat yourself to anything?
This moment with you is a treat.
I enjoy eating a meal
or having coffee with you.
That's how I treat myself.
["Beautiful My Love"
by Urban Zakapa playing]
Go on, eat up.
It's raining now. Hear the raindrops?
Really?
Would you like to open a window?
-Oh, may I?
-Sure.
[rain pattering]
[sighs]
Just leave them. I could clean up.
It's okay.
You want some coffee?
Yeah, sure.
[rain pattering]
[Song-hwa] Did they say
it would rain today?
[Ik-jun] I don't know. Why?
Did they forecast rain?
-I don't know, that's why I'm asking.
-[Ik-jun] Right.
Non-recyclable will go here.
[Song-hwa] What time
does U-ju usually wake up?
[Ik-jun] Whenever.
U-ju wakes up when he wants to.
-What about this? Where does this go?
-[Ik-jun] Give it to me.
-I'll put that away.
-[Song-hwa] Oh.
What about these leftovers?
[Ik-jun] Oh, you can put them in there.
[Song-hwa] Okay.
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
[gasps]
Oh, good morning.
Aren't you Ms. Song Su-bin?
Ik-jun's bestie?
Yes, I am. Hello, Professor Chae.
-Please, have a seat.
-Thank you.
Oh, I didn't know you had a daughter.
Yes. She's in eighth grade.
[chuckles]
To be honest,
I didn't see this coming at all.
So-mi said she lost her peripheral vision,
so I took her to an ophthalmologist.
He told me to see a neurosurgeon.
My daughter will be fine, right?
[sighs]
She hasn't had her first period?
No. Uh, why? Is that a problem?
Oh…
-Today is D-Day, right?
-[Seok-hyeong] Um-hm.
To know the final decision,
as soon as Mr. Pyeon gets back
from court this afternoon,
then it'll be all over.
Well, we should get a drink tonight
to celebrate.
Does Jun-wan have a symposium?
-[cell phone ringing]
-Yes. He said at some hotel in Gangwon.
He must have left by now.
You're not gonna answer?
HEAD SECRETARY
Why is the head secretary calling me?
Whose head secretary?
Chairman Yang's.
EMERGENCY
[tires screech]
[panting]
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
-Where is he?
-It's an aortic dissection
with DeBakey Type One.
His BP is 70 over 40.
I'm arranging an OR right now.
[exhales]
That's impossible!
[breathes deeply]
[ominous music]
I'll be the one to tell her.
Ma'am,
I performed the surgery.
Midway, his aorta ruptured.
I proceeded anyway while performing CPR.
His heart stopped beating for a while,
and now, I don't know yet
if he'll wake up.
We'll observe him for a few days.
And if he still doesn't wake up by then…
he might not wake up at all.
I'm really sorry.
[sighs]
[slurps]
Why don't you have a seat?
You must be tired.
I'm all right.
There's something I want to tell you.
Please sit.
But Mom…
[dramatic music]
Are you serious about that?
Yes.
I won't do it. I won't divorce him.
Don't go to court
to mediate the divorce, Mr. Pyeon.
Please inform the court
that I no longer wish to divorce him.
I've changed my mind because…
I still love him.
[bright music]
Professor Chae, today is my birthday.
Actually, there's a present I want.
[Seok-hyeong] Song-hwa,
I don't know how I feel.
I don't know if I'm feeling sad
or if I'm feeling relieved.
[Song-hwa] I've already
told the director about…
How could you decide on something
like that without talking to us first?
[Ik-sun] I really like you.
So I want us to have
only have good memories.
[Jun-wan] What the heck
are you talking about?
Are you saying this is your last year?
Did something happen to you?
You mean this is Gyeo-ul's
first solo surgery?
[Gyeo-ul] But why me?
I mean, to be honest,
I'm a nobody to Professor Ahn.
[Chi-hong] Professor Chae,
do you remember that day?
My first day working as an intern.
I saw you on my way to work
on my first day.
[indistinct chatter]
Ask me whatever you wanna know.
So tell us, is there ever been a moment
when you considered Professor Chae
to be more than just your friend?
[Ik-sun] All the way from Hawaii?
Yeah. That's nuts.
[Jun-wan] Don't tell anyone.
Especially your brother.
Swear to me you won't breathe a word.
You've been dating her for a while now.
You must be quite the catch.
[Jun-wan] What I want
isn't to simply get married.
It's to be with you for a long time.
Give me your hand.
I have something for you.